
Content Writer, Business Listing Maintainer, Administrative Support
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Location: Magsaysay Drive Olongapo City and Bo. Barretto.

This position requires flexibility - some days you will be doing writing tasks, other days, business listings and data entry, on other days, you will be handling local administrative duties for the company.

Content and Social Media Wrting (50% of your time)
- Research and write articles, blog posts, and press releases on a variety of topics
- articles will normally be published via a Wordpress blogging system.
- some posting for social media sites (Facebook, LinkedIn, etc)
- You should be able to write an average of 10-15 articles a day of 500-700 words 
- all articles are to be written in creative, clear, engaging English.

Business Listing Maintanance (30% of your time)
- Build and maintain business listings for our clients on global Internet websites.
- Ensure accuracy of the listings, removing duplicates, correcting discrepancies
- Perform competitive analysis and discover sources for additional business listings.

Administrative Support (20% of your time)
- calculate remitances
- fill forms accurately
- ensure timely submissions
- work with the owner to ensure compliance with local and national regulations.

Training provided, but you must already be an excellent writer, able to research quickly and write with authority on topics which may be completely new to you. You should be computer savvy and able to type a minimum of 40 wpm.  Experience with writing for the web and SEO is preferred. Fresh Graduates are encouraged to apply. 

To apply: send your resume/cv in pdf format only to careers@leadsmachine.ca.  A cover letter should be included, detailing why you are the right person for this position.

finding expired domain names: goggle for "niche" + "links"
search a few years back

punch sites into xenu linksleuth (windows product)
check external links
search for "no such host"

---
guaging 

40-50 calls $2000 acv -> $2000 /mo
I have some customers looking for "xxx" - do you handle that?

cpc example $10, 10% conversion = $100/lead- build the value, then offer it 1/2 off
search volume
non seasonal
covered by insurance
average customer value

pbn
map embed

selling - let 'em know youre giving sample leads to 2-3 companies, first come first serve, looking for a partner


Ideal Client
- already spending money on advertising (ideally online)
- actually answering the phones
-- dedicated receptionist or call center
- multiple locations? start with 1, and grow it!


Guy who is selling form software suggests:
quote form only first?
send parts of the lead to a bunch of businesses
ask for rough estimate, then 
